License nglib:
--------------

		  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
		       Version 2.1, February 1999

 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
     59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
 the version number 2.1.]

			    Preamble

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

  This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the
Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You
can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether
this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better
strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,
not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that
you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge
for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get
it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of
it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do
these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these
rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for
you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.

  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide
complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them
with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

  We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

  To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that
there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is
modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know
that what they have is not the original version, so that the original
author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be
introduced by others.

  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of
any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot
effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a
restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that
any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be
consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.

  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the
ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser
General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and
is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use
this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those
libraries into non-free programs.

  When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using
a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a
combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the
entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General
Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with
the library.

  We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it
does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General
Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less
of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages
are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many
libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain
special circumstances.

  For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes
a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be
allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free
library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this
case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free
software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.

  In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of
free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in
non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU
operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating
system.

  Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is
linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run
that program using a modified version of the Library.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must
be combined with the library in order to run.

		  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").
Each licensee is addressed as "you".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.
  
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.

  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.

  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this License.

  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.

  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

			    NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

           How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the
ordinary General Public License).

  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:

  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.

  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990
  Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!

Lincese tetlib:
---------------

TetGen License
--------------

The software (TetGen) is licensed under the terms of the  MIT  license
with the following exceptions:

Distribution of  modified  versions  of this code is permissible UNDER
THE CONDITION THAT  THIS CODE AND ANY MODIFICATIONS  MADE TO IT IN THE
SAME SOURCE FILES  tetgen.h AND tetgen.cxx  REMAIN UNDER  COPYRIGHT OF
THE  ORIGINAL AUTHOR,  BOTH  SOURCE AND OBJECT  CODE  ARE MADE  FREELY
AVAILABLE  WITHOUT   CHARGE,   AND  CLEAR   NOTICE  IS  GIVEN  OF  THE 
MODIFICATIONS.

Distribution of this code for  any  commercial purpose  is permissible
ONLY BY DIRECT ARRANGEMENT WITH THE COPYRIGHT OWNER.

The full  license text is reproduced below.

This means that TetGen is no free software, but for private, research,
and  educational purposes it  can be  used at  absolutely no  cost and
without further arrangements.


For details, see http://tetgen.berlios.de

==============================================================================

TetGen
A Quality Tetrahedral Mesh Generator and 3D Delaunay Triangulator
Version 1.4 (Released on January 14, 2006).

Copyright 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006 
Hang Si
Rathausstr. 9, 10178 Berlin, Germany
si@wias-berlin.de

Permission is hereby granted, free  of charge, to any person obtaining
a  copy  of this  software  and  associated  documentation files  (the
"Software"), to  deal in  the Software without  restriction, including
without limitation  the rights to  use, copy, modify,  merge, publish,
distribute,  sublicense and/or  sell copies  of the  Software,  and to
permit persons to whom the Software  is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

Distribution of  modified  versions  of this code is permissible UNDER
THE CONDITION THAT  THIS CODE AND ANY MODIFICATIONS  MADE TO IT IN THE
SAME SOURCE FILES  tetgen.h AND tetgen.cxx  REMAIN UNDER  COPYRIGHT OF
THE  ORIGINAL AUTHOR,  BOTH  SOURCE AND OBJECT  CODE  ARE MADE  FREELY
AVAILABLE  WITHOUT   CHARGE,   AND  CLEAR   NOTICE  IS  GIVEN  OF  THE 
MODIFICATIONS.

Distribution of this code for  any  commercial purpose  is permissible
ONLY BY DIRECT ARRANGEMENT WITH THE COPYRIGHT OWNER.

The  above  copyright  notice  and  this permission  notice  shall  be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE  SOFTWARE IS  PROVIDED  "AS  IS", WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF ANY  KIND,
EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED, INCLUDING  BUT NOT LIMITED  TO THE  WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT  SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS  BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR  OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN  ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT  OR OTHERWISE, ARISING  FROM, OUT  OF OR  IN CONNECTION  WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

==============================================================================


License Qt:
-----------

 The Qt GUI Toolkit is Copyright (C) 1994-2007 Trolltech ASA.

 You may use, distribute and copy the Qt GUI Toolkit under the terms of
 GNU General Public License version 2, which is displayed below.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

		    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
		       Version 2, June 1991

 Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
                       51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

			    Preamble

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This
General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
the GNU Library General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to
your programs, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.

  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their
rights.

  We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
(2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
distribute and/or modify the software.

  Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
authors' reputations.

  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free
program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the
program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any
patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.

		    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains
a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed
under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,
refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"
means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:
that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,
either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another
language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in
the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program
is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).
Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License
along with the Program.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
    whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
    part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
    parties under the terms of this License.

    c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively
    when run, you must cause it, when started running for such
    interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an
    announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a
    notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide
    a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under
    these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this
    License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but
    does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on
    the Program is not required to print an announcement.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Program.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program
with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,
under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:

    a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections
    1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

    b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
    years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
    cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
    machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
    distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
    customarily used for software interchange; or,

    c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer
    to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is
    allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
    received the program in object code or executable form with such
    an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)

The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source
code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a
special exception, the source code distributed need not include
anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component
itself accompanies the executable.

If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering
access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent
access to copy the source code from the same place counts as
distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program
except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under
this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such
parties remain in full compliance.

  5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the
Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Program or works based on it.

  6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to
these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
this License.

  7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system, which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Program under this License
may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding
those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates
the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

  9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of
this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
Foundation.

  10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free
Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals
of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

			    NO WARRANTY

  11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

	    How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs

  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.

  To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

    <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA


Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this
when it starts in an interactive mode:

    Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author
    Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
    under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.

The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
parts of the General Public License.  Of course, the commands you use may
be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be
mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:

  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program
  `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.

  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989
  Ty Coon, President of Vice

This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into
proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you may
consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the
library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General
Public License instead of this License.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, as a special exception, Trolltech gives permission to link the
code of its release of Qt with the OpenSSL project's "OpenSSL" library (or
modified versions of the "OpenSSL" library that use the same license as the
original version), and distribute the linked executables.

You must comply with the GNU General Public License version 2 in all respects
for all of the code used other than the "OpenSSL" code.  If you modify this
file, you may extend this exception to your version of the file, but you are
not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception
statement from your version of this file.



Trolltech GPL Exception version 1.1
===================================

Additional rights granted beyond the GPL (the "Exception").

As a special exception to the terms and conditions of version 2.0 of the GPL,
Trolltech hereby grants you the rights described below, provided you agree to
the terms and conditions in this Exception, including its obligations and
restrictions on use.

Nothing in this Exception gives you or anyone else the right to change the
licensing terms of the Qt Open Source Edition.

Below, "Licensed Software" shall refer to the software licensed under the GPL
and this exception.

1) The right to use Open Source Licenses not compatible with the GNU
General Public License: You may link software (hereafter referred to as "Your
Software") against the Licensed Software and/or distribute binaries of Your
Software linked against the Licensed Software, provided that:

A) Your Software is licensed under one of the following licenses:


License name                            Version(s)/Copyright Date
Academic Free License                   2.0, 2.1, 3.0
Apache Software License                 1.0 or 1.1
Apache License                          2.0
Apple Public Source License             2.0
Artistic license                        From Perl 5.8.0
BSD license                             "July 22 1999"
Common Development and
  Distribution License (CDDL)		1.0
Common Public License                   1.0
Eclipse Public License                  1.0
GNU Library or "Lesser"
General Public License (LGPL)           2.0 or 2.1
Jabber Open Source License              1.0
MIT License                             (as set forth in the addendum file)
Mozilla Public License (MPL)            1.0 or 1.1
Open Software License                   2.0, 3.0
OpenSSL license (with original
SSLeay license)                         "2003" ("1998")
PHP License                             3.0
Python license (CNRI Python License)    (as set forth in the addendum file)
Python Software Foundation License      2.1.1
Q Public License                        v1.0
Sleepycat License                       "1999"
W3C License                             "2001"
X11 License                             X11R6.6
Zlib/libpng License                     (as set forth in the addendum file)
Zope Public License                     2.0, 2.1


(Licenses without a specific version number or date are reproduced
in the file GPL_Exception_Addendum.txt in your source package).


and

B) You must, on request, make a complete package including
    the complete source code of Your Software (as defined
    in the GNU General Public License version 2, section 3,
    but excluding anything excluded by the special
    exception in the same section) available to Trolltech
    under the same license as that granted to other
    recipients of the source code of Your Software.

and

C) Your or any other contributor's rights to:

        i) distribute the source code of Your Software to anyone for
        any purpose;

        and

        ii) publicly discuss the development project for Your
        Software and its goals in any form and in any forum

are not prohibited by any legal instrument, including but not limited to
contracts, non-disclosure agreements, and employee contracts.


2) The right to link non-Open Source applications with pre-installed versions
of the Licensed Software: You may link applications with binary pre-installed
versions of the Licensed Software, provided that such applications have been
developed and are deployed in ac cordance with the terms and conditions of the
Qt Commercial License Agreement.


Addendum to the Trolltech GPL Exception version 1.0
===================================================


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

		The "Artistic License"

				Preamble

The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which a
Package may be copied, such that the Copyright Holder maintains some
semblance of artistic control over the development of the package,
while giving the users of the package the right to use and distribute
the Package in a more-or-less customary fashion, plus the right to make
reasonable modifications.

Definitions:

	"Package" refers to the collection of files distributed by the
	Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection of files
	created through textual modification.

	"Standard Version" refers to such a Package if it has not been
	modified, or has been modified in accordance with the wishes
	of the Copyright Holder as specified below.

	"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or
	copyrights for the package.

	"You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing
	this Package.

	"Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the
	basis of media cost, duplication charges, time of people involved,
	and so on.  (You will not be required to justify it to the
	Copyright Holder, but only to the computing community at large
	as a market that must bear the fee.)

	"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item
	itself, though there may be fees involved in handling the item.
	It also means that recipients of the item may redistribute it
	under the same conditions they received it.

1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you
duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

2. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications
derived from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder.  A Package
modified in such a way shall still be considered the Standard Version.

3. You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way, provided
that you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating how and
when you changed that file, and provided that you do at least ONE of the
following:

a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or
an equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on a major archive
site such as uunet.uu.net, or by allowing the Copyright Holder to include
your modifications in the Standard Version of the Package.

b) use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization.

c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict
with standard executables, which must also be provided, and provide
a separate manual page for each non-standard executable that clearly
documents how it differs from the Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

4. You may distribute the programs of this Package in object code or
executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

a) distribute a Standard Version of the executables and library files,
together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where
to get the Standard Version.

b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
the Package with your modifications.

c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, and clearly
document the differences in manual pages (or equivalent), together
with instructions on where to get the Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

5. You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this
Package.  You may charge any fee you choose for support of this
Package.  You may not charge a fee for this Package itself.  However,
you may distribute this Package in aggregate with other (possibly
commercial) programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial) software
distribution provided that you do not advertise this Package as a
product of your own.  You may embed this Package's interpreter within
an executable of yours (by linking); this shall be construed as a mere
form of aggregation, provided that the complete Standard Version of the
interpreter is so embedded.

6. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as
output from the programs of this Package do not automatically fall
under the copyright of this Package, but belong to whoever generated
them, and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
Package.  If such scripts or library files are aggregated with this
Package via the so-called "undump" or "unexec" methods of producing a
binary executable image, then distribution of such an image shall
neither be construed as a distribution of this Package nor shall it
fall under the restrictions of Paragraphs 3 and 4, provided that you do
not represent such an executable image as a Standard Version of this
Package.

7. C subroutines (or comparably compiled subroutines in other
languages) supplied by you and linked into this Package in order to
emulate subroutines and variables of the language defined by this
Package shall not be considered part of this Package, but are the
equivalent of input as in Paragraph 6, provided these subroutines do
not change the language in any way that would cause it to fail the
regression tests for the language.

8. Aggregation of this Package with a commercial distribution is always
permitted provided that the use of this Package is embedded; that is,
when no overt attempt is made to make this Package's interfaces visible
to the end user of the commercial distribution.  Such use shall not be
construed as a distribution of this Package.

9. The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

10. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

				The End

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python License (CNRI Python License)

CNRI OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.

BY CLICKING ON "ACCEPT" WHERE INDICATED BELOW, OR BY COPYING, INSTALLING OR
OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6, beta 1 SOFTWARE, YOU ARE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National Research
Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive, Reston, VA 20191
("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using Python 1.6, beta 1 software in source or binary form and its
associated documentation, as released at the www.python.org Internet site on
August 4, 2000 ("Python 1.6b1").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI hereby
grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6b1 alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that CNRIs License Agreement is retained in Python 1.6b1,
alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

Alternately, in lieu of CNRIs License Agreement, Licensee may substitute the
following text (omitting the quotes): "Python 1.6, beta 1, is made available
subject to the terms and conditions in CNRIs License Agreement. This Agreement
may be located on the Internet using the following unique, persistent identifier
(known as a handle): 1895.22/1011. This Agreement may also be obtained from a
proxy server on the Internet using the URL:http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1011".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or
incorporates Python 1.6b1or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative
work available to the public as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to
indicate in any such work the nature of the modifications made to Python 1.6b1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6b1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. CNRI
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE,
BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF
PYTHON 1.6b1WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE SOFTWARE FOR
ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF USING,
MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING PYTHON 1.6b1, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of
its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects
by the law of the State of Virginia, excluding conflict of law provisions.
Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee. This License
Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or trade name in a
trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying, installing
or otherwise using Python 1.6b1, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this License Agreement.



ACCEPT

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The zlib/libpng License

Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In
no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of
this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including
commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to
the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim
that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an
acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not
required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Oxygen Icon Theme
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Vignoni <david@icon-king.com>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Johann Ollivier Lapeyre <johann@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Kenneth Wimer <kwwii@bootsplash.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Nuno Fernades Pinheiro <nf.pinheiro@gmail.com>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Riccardo Iaconelli <riccardo@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Miller <miller@oxygen-icons.org>

and others

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Library General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
    License along with this library. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Clarification:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License or LGPL is written for
  software libraries in the first place. We expressly want the LGPL to
  be valid for this artwork library too.

  KDE Oxygen theme icons is a special kind of software library, it is an
  artwork library, it's elements can be used in a Graphical User Interface, or
  GUI.

  Source code, for this library means:
   - where they exist, SVG;
   - otherwise, if applicable, the multi-layered formats xcf or psd, or
  otherwise png.

  The LGPL in some sections obliges you to make the files carry
  notices. With images this is in some cases impossible or hardly useful.

  With this library a notice is placed at a prominent place in the directory
  containing the elements. You may follow this practice.

  The exception in section 5 of the GNU Lesser General Public License covers
  the use of elements of this art library in a GUI.

  kde-artists [at] kde.org


License MPICH2
--------------
license
COPYRIGHT

The following is a notice of limited availability of the code, and disclaimer which must be included in the prologue of the code and in all source listings of the code.
Copyright Notice + 2002 University of Chicago

Permission is hereby granted to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works, and to redistribute to others. This software was authored by:
Argonne National Laboratory Group

W. Gropp: (630) 252-4318; FAX: (630) 252-5986;
e-mail: gropp@mcs.anl.gov

E. Lusk: (630) 252-7852; FAX: (630) 252-5986;
e-mail: lusk@mcs.anl.gov

Mathematics and Computer Science Division
Argonne National Laboratory
Argonne, IL 60439
GOVERNMENT LICENSE

Portions of this material resulted from work developed under a U.S. Government Contract and are subject to the following license: the Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license in this computer software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and display publicly.
DISCLAIMER

This computer code material was prepared, in part, as an account of work sponsored by an agency of the United States Government. Neither the United States, nor the University of Chicago, nor any of their employees, makes any warranty express or implied, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights. 


VTK Licence
------------
The Visualization Toolkit (VTK) Copyright

This is an open-source copyright as follows:

Copyright (c) 1993-2008 Ken Martin, Will Schroeder, Bill Lorensen
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither name of Ken Martin, Will Schroeder, or Bill Lorensen nor the names of any contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

OpenCASCADE Licence
-------------------
Public license
In short, Open CASCADE Technology Public License is LGPL-like with certain differences. You are permitted to use Open CASCADE Technology within commercial environments and you are obliged to acknowledge its use. You are also obliged to send your modifications of the original source code (if you have made any) to the Initial Developer (i.e. Open CASCADE S.A.S.). Complete text of the license is given below.

Open CASCADE Technology Public License
Version 6.2 March, 2007

Open CASCADE S.A.S. releases and makes publicly available the source code of the software Open CASCADE Technology to the free software development community under the terms and conditions of this
license.

It is not the purpose of this license to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this license has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.

Please read this license carefully and completely before downloading this software. By downloading, using, modifying, distributing and sublicensing this software, you indicate your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of this license. If you do not want to accept or cannot accept for any reasons the terms and conditions of this license, please do not download or use in any manner this software.

1. Definitions

Unless there is something in the subject matter or in the context inconsistent therewith, the capitalized terms used in this License shall have the following meaning.

"Applicable Intellectual Property Rights" means (a) with respect to the Initial Developer, any rights under patents or patents applications or other intellectual property rights that are now or hereafter acquired, owned by or assigned to the Initial Developer and that cover subject matter contained in the Original Code, but only to the extent necessary to use, reproduce, modify, distribute or sublicense the Original Code without infringement; and (b) with respect to You or any Contributor, any rights under patents or patents applications or other intellectual property rights that are now or hereafter acquired, owned by or assigned to You or to such Contributor and that cover subject matter contained in Your Modifications or in such Contributor's Modifications, taken alone or in combination with Original Code

"Contributor" means each individual or legal entity that creates or contributes to the creation of any Modification, including the Initial Developer.

"Derivative Program": means a new program combining the Software or portions thereof with other source code not governed by the terms of this License.

"Initial Developer": means Open CASCADE S.A.S., with main offices at 15 bis, rue Ernest Renan 92136, Issy Les Moulineaux, France.

"Modifications": mean any addition to, deletion from or change to the substance or the structure of the Software. When source code of the Software is released as a series of files, a Modification is: (a) any addition to, deletion from or change to the contents of a file containing the Software or (b) any new file or other representation of computer program statements that contains any part of the Software. By way of example, Modifications include any debug of, or improvement to, the Original Code or any of its components or portions as well as its next versions or releases thereof.
"Original Code": means (a) the source code of the software Open CASCADE Technology originally made available by the Initial Developer under this License, including the source code of any updates or upgrades of the Original Code and (b) the object code compiled from such source code and originally made available by Initial Developer under this License.

"Software": means the Original Code, the Modifications, the combination of Original Code and any Modifications or any respective portions thereof.

"You" or "Your": means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this License

2. Acceptance of license

By using, reproducing, modifying, distributing or sublicensing the Software or any portion thereof, You expressly indicate Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License and undertake to act in accordance with all the provisions of this License applicable to You.

3. Scope and purpose

This License applies to the Software and You may not use, reproduce, modify, distribute, sublicense or circulate the Software, or any portion thereof, except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt to otherwise use, reproduce, modify, distribute or sublicense the Software is void and will automatically terminate Your rights under this License.

4. Contributor license

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Initial Developer and each of the Contributors hereby grant You a world-wide, royalty-free, irrevocable and non-exclusive license under the Applicable Intellectual Property Rights they own or control, to use, reproduce, modify, distribute and sublicense the Software provided that:

You reproduce in all copies of the Software the copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of the Initial Developer as they appear in the Original Code and attached hereto as Schedule "A" and any other notices or disclaimers attached to the Software and keep intact all notices in the Original Code that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;

You include a copy of this License with every copy of the Software You distribute;

If you distribute or sublicense the Software (as modified by You or on Your behalf as the case may be), You cause such Software to be licensed as a whole, at no charge, to all third parties, under the terms and conditions of the License, making in particular available to all third parties the source code of the Software;

You document all Your Modifications, indicate the date of each such Modifications, designate the version of the Software You used, prominently include a file carrying such information with respect to the Modifications and duplicate the copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers attached hereto as Schedule "B" or any other notices or disclaimers attached to the Software with your Modifications.

For greater certainty, it is expressly understood that You may freely create Derivative Programs (without any obligation to publish such Derivative Program) and distribute same as a single product. In such case, You must ensure that all the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Software or any portion thereof.

5. Your license

You hereby grant all Contributors and anyone who becomes a party under this License a world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable license under the Applicable Intellectual Property Rights owned or controlled by You, to use, reproduce, modify, distribute and sublicense all Your Modifications under the terms and conditions of this License.

6. Software subject to license

Your Modifications shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this License. You are not authorized to impose any other terms or conditions than those prevailing under this License when You distribute and/or sublicense the Software, save and except as permitted under Section 7 hereof.

7. Additional terms

You may choose to offer, on a non-exclusive basis, and to charge a fee for any warranty, support, maintenance, liability obligations or other rights consistent with the scope of this License with respect to the Software (the "Additional Terms") to the recipients of the Software. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf and on Your sole and exclusive responsibility. You must obtain the recipient's agreement that any such Additional Terms are offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Initial Developer and any Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by or claims asserted against the Initial Developer or any Contributors with respect to any such Additional Terms.

8. Disclaimer of warranty

The Software is provided under this License on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any kind, including without limitation, warranties that the Software is free of defects, merchantable, fit for a particular purpose or non-infringing. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is with You.

9. Liability

Under no circumstances shall You, the Initial Developer or any Contributor be liable to any person for any direct or indirect damages of any kind including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or any and all other commercial damages or losses resulting from or relating to this License or indirectly to the use of the Software.

10. Trademark

This License does not grant any rights to use the trademarks, trade names and domain names "MATRA", "EADS Matra Datavision", "CAS.CADE", "Open CASCADE", "opencascade.com" and "opencascade.org" or any other trademarks, trade names or domain names used or owned by the Initial Developer.

11. Copyright

The Initial Developer retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Original Code. You may not remove the copyright © notice which appears when You download the Software.

12. Term

This License is granted to You for a term equal to the remaining period of protection covered by the intellectual property rights applicable to the Original Code.

13. Termination

In case of termination, as provided in Section 3 above, You agree to immediately stop any further use, reproduction, modification, distribution and sublicensing of the Software and to destroy all copies of the Software that are in Your possession or control. All sublicenses of the Software which have been properly granted prior to termination shall survive any termination of this License. In addition, Sections 5, 8 to 11, 13.2 and 15.2 of this License, in reason of their nature, shall survive the termination of this License for a period of fifteen (15) years.

14. Versions of the license

The Initial Developer may publish new versions of this License from time to time. Once Original Code has been published under a particular version of this License, You may choose to continue to use it under the terms and conditions of that version or use the Original Code under the terms of any subsequent version of this License published by the Initial Developer.

15. Miscellaneous

15.1 Relationship of the Parties

This License will not be construed as creating an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of legal association between You and the Initial Developer, and You will not represent to the contrary, whether expressly, by implication or otherwise.

15.2 Independent Development

Nothing in this License will impair the Initial Developer's right to acquire, license, develop, have others develop for it, market or distribute technology or products that perform the same or similar functions as, or otherwise compete with, Modifications, Derivative Programs, technology or products that You may develop, produce, market or distribute.

15.3 Severability

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this License, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the License will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the economic benefits and intent of the parties, and the remainder of this License will continue in full force and extent.

END OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS LICENSE

Open CASCADE S.A.S. is a French société par actions simplifiée having its registered head office at 31, avenue de la Baltique , 91954 Les Ulis Cedex, France and main offices at 15 bis, rue Ernest Renan 92136, Issy Les Moulineaux, France. Its web site is located at the following address www.opencascade.com

Open CASCADE Technology Public License

Schedule "A"

The content of this file is subject to the Open CASCADE Technology Public License Version 6.2 (the "License"). You may not use the content of this file except in compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at http://www.opencascade.org and read it completely before using this file.
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Open CASCADE S.A.S., with main offices at 15 bis, rue Ernest Renan 92136, Issy Les Moulineaux, France. The Original Code is copyright © Open CASCADE S.A.S., 2001. All rights reserved.

"The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are distributed on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty of any kind, and the Initial Developer hereby disclaims all such warranties, including without limitation, any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.

Please see the License for the specific terms and conditions governing rights and limitations under the License".

End of Schedule "A"

Open CASCADE Technology Public License

Schedule "B"

"The content of this file is subject to the Open CASCADE Technology Public License Version 6.2 (the "License"). You may not use the content of this file except in compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at http://www.opencascade.org and read it completely before using this file.
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Open CASCADE S.A.S., with main offices at 15 bis, rue Ernest Renan 92136, Issy Les Moulineaux, France. The Original Code is copyright © Open CASCADE S.A.S., 2001. All rights reserved.

Modifications to the Original Code have been made by ________________________. Modifications are copyright © [Year to be included]. All rights reserved.

The software Open CASCADE Technology and all software distributed under the License are distributed on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty of any kind, and the Initial Developer hereby disclaims all such warranties, including without limitation, any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Please see the License for the specific terms and conditions governing rights and limitations under the License"

End of Schedule "B" 
